[MUSIC]
Data analytics is a process that
creates clarity out of chaos.
It allows us to make sense of what we
see in the real world by using data and
advanced methods along with our intellect
to create insights that we can use to
solve real problems.
Data analytics help us understand what's
happening, what's likely to happen next,
and what we should do about about it.
In your business, you can use data
analytics to grow, become more profitable,
and create maximum value in the market and
for your shareholders.
This specialization is based on a summer
boot camp we run as part of the Masters of
Business Analytics program at
the University of Colorado Boulder,
Leeds School of Business.
In addition to learning how to think
about analytical problems, you'll learn
practical skills such as how to extract
and manipulate data using SQL code,
how to execute statistical analysis for
descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive
analysis, and how to interpret,
present, and discuss analytic results.
We'll focus on the skills and knowledge
that'll make you a valuable member of
an an analytic team and start you down
the road to professional success.
[MUSIC]